Add ampcombi (#152)
nf-core/funcscan: docs/output.md

[Macrel](https://github.com/BigDataBiology/macrel) is a tool that mines antimicrobial peptides (AMPs) from (meta)genomes by predicting peptides from genomes (provided as contigs) and outputs all the predicted anti-microbial peptides found.

### AMPcombi

<details markdown="1">
<summary>Output files</summary>

- `ampcombi/`
  - `ampcombi_complete_summary.csv`: summarized output in csv
  - `ampcombi.log`: a log file generated by ampcombi
  - `*_ampcombi.csv`: summarized output in csv for each sample

>   - `*_amp.faa*`: fasta file containing the aminoacid sequences for all AMP hits for each sample

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - `*_amp.faa*`: fasta file containing the amino acid sequences for all AMP hits for each sample
```

  - `*_diamond_matches.txt*`: alignment file generated fby DIAMOND for each sample

</details>

> [AMPcombi](https://github.com/Darcy220606/AMPcombi) summarizes parses the results of **antimicrobial peptide (AMP)** prediction tools (AMPIR, AMPLIFY, MACREL, HMMSEARCH and other non nf-core tools) into a single table and aligns the hits against a reference AMP database for functional and taxonomic classification.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[AMPcombi](https://github.com/Darcy220606/AMPcombi) summarizes parses the results of **antimicrobial peptide (AMP)** prediction tools (AMPIR, AMPLIFY, MACREL, and other non nf-core tools) into a single table and aligns the hits against a reference AMP database for functional and taxonomic classification.
```

Reviewer: Maybe also mention which columns it has (e.g. probabilitiesi, e-values etc.), this will help better orientate the user as to what sort of summary table this.
